Mr. Ye. Mrs. Ye.
This is the best room in Chunlin Villa.
You two are resting now.
After a while, when Zhaojiagui started,
I will tell you the relationship between the two of you in the sun.
few. Can't we participate?
Of course.
Then I feel relieved. I started to do enough homework.
Wife, you said if we wanted to be angry,
I really got this tens of billions contract,
Of course, we don’t have to worry about emotional intelligence, right?
We've all got this 100-year contract.
Wouldn't it be better if they earned it themselves?
You are still too naive
I'm being kicked out of the road now
No background, no background
It’s too risky to do it yourself
This isn't the turning point either.
You can make the Qin family passionate about you.
That's a hundred and one contract.
Now only a number is left
I remember when you risked your life
You're going to scatter every bite, right?
Where are these breaks?
I'll bother you
Some friends are like this
Why don't I take care of you?
Which will be discussed later